.TH "vxckuuid" "8" "2008-01-05" "Vitalnix" "Vitalnix User Management Suite"
.SH "Name"
.PP
vxckuuid \(em EDS UUID discrepancy checker
.SH "Syntax"
.PP
\fBvxckuuid\fP [\fB\-\-vxdb\fP \fIdatabase\fP] [\fB\-T\fP \fIlimit\fP]
\fB\-i\fP \fIfile\fP [\fB\-t\fP \fItype\fP]
.SH "Description"
.PP
\fBvxckuuid\fP will help find minimal differences between EDS and VXDB users.
Such changes are often corrections of user data (i.e. fixing typos) on the EDS
side. However, libvxmdsync (used by \fBvxusersync\fP(8) and \fBsteelmill\fP(8))
regards every EDS difference as a old/new user (delete/create). Since it is
impossible to say whether an EDS change is just a typo or a new user, manual
user intervention is required, usually by utilizing \fBvxfixuuid\fP(8) and/or
\fBvxusermod\fP(8), adjusting the VXDB with the new EDS data, before running
\fBvxusersync\fP(8).
.SH "Options"
.TP
\fB\-\-vxdb\fP \fIdatabase\fP
Uses the specified database rather than the default one defined in the VXDB
configuration file.
.TP
\fB\-T\fP \fIlimit\fP
Omit displaying comparisons where the computed distance is larger than
\fIlimit\fP. Defaults to 1000.
.TP
\fB\-i\fP \fIfile\fP
External Data Source input file
.TP
\fB\-t\fP \fItype\fP
External Data Source type
.SH "Description, continued"
.PP
In External Data Source formats where no external UUID is provided, Vitalnix
has to generate one. This generated UUID is based upon the user's real name, so
if the real name received a typo fix, the UUID changes and triggers a
new-user-discovered event in libvxmdsync. Hence you use vxfixuuid to not cause
this event in the first place.
.PP
Note about complexity: vxckuuid will take linear time (O(\fIm\fP*\fIn\fP)) to
calculate difference between \fIm\fP EDS and \fIn\fP VXDB users.
.PP
vxckuuid will display each EDS-VXDB user pair, sorted by smallest difference,
up to the difference limit given by the \-T option. Output will look like:
.PP
[   1]: \- \fIEDS_Computed_UUID\fP  \fIEDS_User_Realname\fP
.sp 0
 0/1/1: + \fIVXDB_Stored_UUID \fP  \fIVXDB_User_Realname\fP 
.PP
The number in square brackets gives the total distance. The other three numbers
denote UUID distance, Name distance and weighthing factor. The exact algorithm
can be obtained from the ckuuid.c source code.
.SH "See also"
.PP
\fBvitalnix\fP(7), \fBvxfixuuid\fP(8), \fBvxusermod\fP(8), \fBvxusersync\fP(8)
