.TH "vxgroupadd" "8" "2008-01-05" "Vitalnix" "Vitalnix User Management Suite"
.SH "Name"
.PP
vxgroupadd \(em create a new group
.SH "Syntax"
.PP
\fBvxgroupadd\fP [\fB\-\-after\fP \fIcommand\fP] [\fB\-\-before\fP
\fIcommand\fP] [\fB\-\-vxdb\fP \fIdatabase\fP] [\fB\-g\fP \fIgid\fP
[\fB\-o\fP]|\fB\-r\fP] \fIgroup\fP
.SH "Description"
.PP
\fBvxgroupadd\fP will create a new group using the supplied parameters. The
configuration file for it is /etc/vitalnix/groupadd.conf.
.SH "Options"
.TP
\fB\-\-after\fP \fIcommand\fP
Runs the specified command after the group was successfully added. If
\-\-after is given, but with a zero-length command string, the default command
in the configuration file is not run.
.TP
\fB\-\-before\fP \fIcommand\fP
Runs the specified command before the group is added. It is run always, even if
adding fails. If \-\-before is given, but with a zero-length command string,
the default command in the configuration file is not run.
.TP
\fB\-\-vxdb\fP \fIdatabase\fP
Uses the specified database rather than the default one listed in the VXDB
configuration file.
.TP
\fB\-g\fP \fIgid\fP
The numerical group identification number of the new group. The default is to
assign the group the next greatest GID available. This option overrides \-r.
.TP
\fB\-o\fP
If a group with the explicit GID given by \-g already exists, you can override
the error message with this option, to create non-unique GIDs.
.TP
\fB\-r\fP
Create a system group, that is, with a lower GID than the hardcoded default
(100), or what is specified for MIN_GID in the autouid configuration file. The
\-g option overrides this one.
.SH "See also"
.PP
\fBvitalnix\fP(7), \fBvxgroupmod\fP(8), \fBvxgroupdel\fP(8)
