.TH "vxgroupbld" "8" "2008-01-05" "Vitalnix" "Vitalnix User Management Suite"
.SH "Name"
.PP
vxgroupbld \(em group membership synchronization
.SH "Syntax"
.PP
\fBvxgroupbld\fP [\fB\-qv\fP] [\fB\-\-vxdb\fP \fIdatabase\fP] [\fB\-G\fP
\fIgroup\fP] [\fB\-p\fP \fIprefix\fP]
.SH "Description"
.PP
\fBvxgroupbld\fP updates the system (UNIX) group membership of all users that
have a Vitalnix group tag, and moves them from their current
Vitalnix-UNIX-Group (VUG) to the new VUG that matches the Vitalnix group tag.
\fBvxgroupbld\fP will create the new VUG if necessary. The VUGs can then be
used for filesystem permissions, for example.
.PP
VUGs are generally prefixed with a fixed string so as to distinguish them from
regular UNIX groups. The default prefix is vg\-, which allows the Vitalnix
group to start with a number. For example, if it was 10NK, the VUG would be
called vg\-10NK. \fBNOTE: Using a potentially ambiguous or no prefix will
obviously cause users to lose membership in secondary groups\fP, because
vxgroupbld operates on all secondary groups that have this prefix.
.PP
\fBvxgroupbld\fP is typically used after updating the Vitalnix group tag;
running it after vxusersync is a common case, e.g. when students move up one
grade.
.SH "Options"
.TP
\fB\-\-vxdb\fP \fIdatabase\fP
Uses the specified database rather than the default one defined in the VXDB
configuration file.
.TP
\fB\-G\fP \fIgroup\fP
Only operate on users which have \fIgroup\fP as their primary group. This can
either be a group's name or its GID.
.TP
\fB\-p\fP \fIprefix\fP
Prefix to use for VUGs. The default is vg\-.
.TP
\fB\-q\fP
Quiet operation. This is the default.
.TP
\fB\-v\fP
Verbose operation. This will print progress information messages every second.
.SH "Exit status"
.PP
\fBvxgroupbld\fP will return 0 if all operations completed successfully. On
error, it will abort right away and returns non-zero.
.SH "See also"
.PP
\fBvitalnix\fP(7)
