.TH "vxgroupmod" "8" "2008-01-05" "Vitalnix" "Vitalnix User Management Suite"
.SH "Name"
.PP
vxgroupmod \(em modify a group
.SH "Syntax"
.PP
\fBvxgroupmod\fP [\fB\-\-after\fP \fIcommand\fP] [\fB\-\-before\fP
\fIcommand\fP] [\fB\-\-vxdb\fP \fIdatabase\fP] [\fB\-g\fP \fIgid\fP
[\fB\-o\fP]] [\fB\-n\fP \fIgroup_name\fP] \fIgroup\fP
.SH "Description"
.PP
\fBvxgroupmod\fP updates the group's info with the data given on the command
line. Not specified options will not change the corresponding fields in the
database. The configuration file for vxgroupmod is /etc/vitalnix/groupmod.conf.
.PP
Note that after changing the GID of a group, there might be objects left in the
filesystem which you should pay attention to with respect to the GID owner. A
future group may get the original GID and get accidental access to files.
.SH "Options"
.TP
\fB\-\-after\fP \fIcommand\fP
Runs the specified command after the group was successfully added. If \-\-after
is given, but with a zero-length command string, the default command in the
configuration file is not run.
.TP
\fB\-\-before\fP \fIcommand\fP
Runs the specified command before the group is added. It is run always, even if
adding fails. If \-\-before is given, but with a zero-length command string,
the default command in the configuration file is not run.
.TP
\fB\-\-vxdb\fP \fIdatabase\fP
Uses the specified database rather than the default one listed in the VXDB
configuration file.
.TP
\fB\-g\fP \fIgid\fP
Changes the group's identification number. It must be unique, unless \-o is
given.
.TP
\fB\-n\fP \fIname\fP
Changes the group's name, which must be unique.
.TP
\fB\-o\fP
If a group with the explicit GID given by \-g already exists, you can override
the error message with this option, to create non-unique GIDs.
.SH "See also"
.PP
\fBvitalnix\fP(7), \fBvxgroupadd\fP(8), \fBvxgroupdel\fP(8)
