.TH "vxgroupdel" "8" "2008-01-05" "Vitalnix" "Vitalnix User Management Suite"
.SH "Name"
.PP
vxgroupdel \(em delete a group
.SH "Syntax"
.PP
\fBvxgroupdel\fP [\fB\-F\fP] [\fB\-\-after\fP \fIcommand\fP] [\fB\-\-before\fP
\fIcommand\fP] [\fB\-\-vxdb\fP \fIdatabase\fP] \fIgroup\fP
.SH "Description"
.PP
\fBvxgroupdel\fP deletes the specified group, but will take care for whether
any use has that group as a primary group set. All options provided are unique
to Vitalnix. The configuration file for vxgroupdel is
/etc/vitalnix/groupdel.conf.
.PP
Note that after deletion of a group, there might be objects left in the
filesystem which have the just deleted group's GID as group owner. One should
look after these files and adjust their group membership (if applicable), to
avoid the case that a future group will accidentally get access because it has
the same GID as the previous group.
.SH "Options"
.TP
\fB\-\-after\fP \fIcommand\fP
Runs the specified command after the group was successfully added. If
\-\-after is given, but with a zero-length command string, the default command
in the configuration file is not run.
.TP
\fB\-\-before\fP \fIcommand\fP
Runs the specified command before the group is added. It is run always, even if
adding fails. If \-\-before is given, but with a zero-length command string,
the default command in the configuration file is not run.
.TP
\fB\-\-vxdb\fP \fIdatabase\fP
Uses the specified database rather than the default one listed in the VXDB configuration file.
.TP
\fB\-F\fP
\fBvxgroupdel\fP will, by default, not delete any groups, of which a user is a
primary member of. \-F forces to delete the group.
.SH "See also"
.PP
\fBvitalnix\fP(7), \fBvxgroupadd\fP(8), \fBvxgroupmod\fP(8)
