.TH "vxusermod" "8" "2008-01-05" "Vitalnix" "Vitalnix User Management Suite"
.SH "Name"
.PP
vxusermod \(em modify a user account
.SH "Syntax"
.PP
\fBvxusermod\fP [\fB\-L\fP] [\fB\-\-after\fP \fIcommand\fP] [\fB\-\-before\fP
\fIcommand\fP] [\fB\-\-vxdb\fP \fIdatabase\fP] [\fB\-A\fP
\fIgroup\fP[\fB,\fP...]] [\fB\-G\fP \fIgroup\fP[\fB,\fP...]] [\fB\-R\fP
\fIgroup\fP[\fB,\fP...]] [\fB\-c\fP \fIcomment\fP] [\fB\-d\fP \fIdirectory\fP
[\fB\-m\fP]] [\fB\-e\fP \fIdate\fP] [\fB\-f\fP \fIinactive_days\fP] [\fB\-g\fP
\fIprimary_group\fP] [\fB\-l\fP \fIlogin_name\fP] [\fB\-s\fP \fIshell\fP]
[\fB\-u\fP \fIuid\fP [\fB\-o\fP]] \fIlogin\fP
.SH "Description"
.PP
\fBusermod\fP updates the user's account with the information given on the
command line. Not specified options will not change the corresponding account
field.
.PP
If \-I is passed, the user is interactively asked for what parameters shall be
changed, by presenting a default value, which he may either accept (by leaving
the answer empty) or specifying a new value. The \-A, \-B, \-I, and \-M options
are unique to Vitalnix. The configuration file for vxusermod is
/etc/vitalnix/usermod.conf.
.SH "Options"
.TP
\fB\-\-after\fP \fIcommand\fP
Runs the specified command after the user was successfully added. If \-\-after
is given, but with a zero-length command string, the default command in the
configuration file is not run.
.TP
\fB\-\-before\fP \fIcommand\fP
Runs the specified command before the user is added. It is run always, even if
adding fails. If \-\-before is given, but with a zero-length command string,
the default command in the configuration file is not run.
.TP
\fB\-\-vxdb\fP \fIdatabase\fP
Uses the specified database rather than the default one listed in the VXDB
configuration file.
.TP
\fB\-A\fP \fIgroup\fP[\fB,\fP...]
Add the user into the listed secondary groups.
.TP
\fB\-G\fP \fIgroup\fP[\fB,\fP...]
Set the user's list of secondary groups.
.TP
\fB\-L\fP
Lock the user's account.
.TP
\fB\-R\fP \fIgroup\fP[\fB,\fP...]
Remove the user from the listed secondary groups.
.TP
\fB\-U\fP
Unlock the user's account.
.TP
\fB\-c\fP \fIcomment\fP
Changes the comment (GECOS) field
.TP
\fB\-d\fP \fIdirectory\fP
Changes the home directory. Also see the \-m option.
.TP
\fB\-e\fP \fIdate\fP
The new date on which the user account will expire. (Valid format is
YYYY-MM-DD.)
.TP
\fB\-f\fP \fIdays\fP
The number of days which need to pass after a password expiration (which is not
\-e!) until the account is locked down.
.TP
\fB\-g\fP \fIgroup\fP
Changes the users initial (primary) group.
.TP
\fB\-l\fP \fIlogin\fP
Changes the login name for the user, which must be unique.
.TP
\fB\-m\fP
When \-d is given, specifying \-m will move data from the old home directory
into the new one, necessarily creating the new directory if it does not exist
yet.
.TP
\fB\-o\fP
If a user with the explicit UID given by \-u already exists, you can override
the error message with this option, to create non-unique UIDs.
.TP
\fB\-s\fP \fIshell\fP
Changes the user's default shell.
.TP
\fB\-u\fP \fIuid\fP
Changes the user's identification number. It must be unique, unless \-o is
given.
.SH "See also"
.PP
\fBvitalnix\fP(7), \fBvxuseradd\fP(8), \fBvxuserdel\fP(8)
