# -*- Makefile -*-

noinst_PROGRAMS += clutils/ihlogon
clutils_ihlogon_SOURCES = clutils/ihlogon.c
clutils_ihlogon_CFLAGS  = ${AM_CFLAGS} -DSTANDALONE_DEBUG
clutils_ihlogon_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} -lpam libvxdb/libvxdb.la

lib_LTLIBRARIES += clutils/pam_ihlogon.la
clutils_pam_ihlogon_la_SOURCES = clutils/ihlogon.c
clutils_pam_ihlogon_la_LIBADD  = ${libHX_LIBS} -lpam libvxdb/libvxdb.la
clutils_pam_ihlogon_la_LDFLAGS = -avoid-version -module

sbin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxckuuid
clutils_vxckuuid_SOURCES = clutils/ckuuid.c
clutils_vxckuuid_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxeds/libvxeds.la \
	libvxdb/libvxdb.la libvxutil/libvxutil.la

sbin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxdbdump
clutils_vxdbdump_SOURCES = clutils/dbdump.c
clutils_vxdbdump_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxdb/libvxdb.la \
	libvxutil/libvxutil.la

sbin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxdbinfo
clutils_vxdbinfo_SOURCES = clutils/dbinfo.c
clutils_vxdbinfo_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxdb/libvxdb.la

bin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxfinger
clutils_vxfinger_SOURCES = clutils/finger.c
clutils_vxfinger_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxdb/libvxdb.la

sbin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxfixuuid
clutils_vxfixuuid_SOURCES = clutils/fixuuid.c
clutils_vxfixuuid_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxdb/libvxdb.la \
	libvxutil/libvxutil.la

sbin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxgroupadd
clutils_vxgroupadd_SOURCES = clutils/groupadd.c
clutils_vxgroupadd_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxdb/libvxdb.la \
	libvxutil/libvxutil.la

sbin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxgroupbld
clutils_vxgroupbld_SOURCES = clutils/groupbld.c
clutils_vxgroupbld_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxdb/libvxdb.la \
	libvxutil/libvxutil.la

sbin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxgroupdel
clutils_vxgroupdel_SOURCES = clutils/groupdel.c
clutils_vxgroupdel_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxdb/libvxdb.la \
	libvxutil/libvxutil.la

sbin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxgroupmod
clutils_vxgroupmod_SOURCES = clutils/groupmod.c
clutils_vxgroupmod_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxdb/libvxdb.la \
	libvxutil/libvxutil.la

bin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxid
clutils_vxid_SOURCES = clutils/id.c
clutils_vxid_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxdb/libvxdb.la

sbin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxnewuser
clutils_vxnewuser_SOURCES = clutils/newuser.c
clutils_vxnewuser_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxcli/libvxcli.la \
	libvxmdsync/libvxmdsync.la libvxdb/libvxdb.la

sbin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxpwlfmt
clutils_vxpwlfmt_SOURCES = clutils/pwlfmt.c
clutils_vxpwlfmt_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxmdfmt/libvxmdfmt.la

bin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxrandpw
clutils_vxrandpw_SOURCES = clutils/randpw.c
clutils_vxrandpw_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxutil/libvxutil.la

sbin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxtryauth
clutils_vxtryauth_SOURCES = clutils/tryauth.c
clutils_vxtryauth_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} -lpam libvxcgi/libvxcgi.la

sbin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxuseradd
clutils_vxuseradd_SOURCES = clutils/useradd.c
clutils_vxuseradd_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxdb/libvxdb.la \
	libvxutil/libvxutil.la

sbin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxuserdel
clutils_vxuserdel_SOURCES = clutils/userdel.c
clutils_vxuserdel_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxdb/libvxdb.la \
	libvxutil/libvxutil.la

sbin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxusermod
clutils_vxusermod_SOURCES = clutils/usermod.c
clutils_vxusermod_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxdb/libvxdb.la \
	libvxutil/libvxutil.la

sbin_PROGRAMS += clutils/vxusersync
clutils_vxusersync_SOURCES = clutils/usersync.c
clutils_vxusersync_LDADD   = ${libHX_LIBS} libvxcli/libvxcli.la \
	libvxeds/libvxeds.la libvxmdsync/libvxmdsync.la libvxdb/libvxdb.la
